Rename console to busola and pamela to backend (#2)
kyma-project/busola: components/react/src/components/Search/Readme.md

  <h5>Search with placeholder</h5>
  <Search placeholder="Search"/>

>   <h5>Search with `onChange` function (see Developer Busolafor output)</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h5>Search with `onChange` function (see Developer Busola for output)</h5>
```
